README.md, before:

# simple-vmix-switcher-electron

[![Simple vMix Switcher Electron](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/jensstigaard/simple-vmix-switcher-electron/total.svg)]()

Simple vMix switcher app built with [ElectronJS](https://electronjs.org). ElectronJS is a cross-platform framework allowing the app to be built for each Windows, Mac or Linux. 

The app is oriented for touch use.

You are free to clone the repository to develop your own app based in this code.

![Simple vMix Switcher Electron](./readme_assets/overview_030.png "Application overview")

## Downloads

See the [Releases](../../releases) tab for a direct download of the app for Mac and Windows.

## Feature summary
 - Traditional preview and program row including 'tally' - 8 inputs
 - Shows badges (tally) on input in overlay channel preview/program
 - Long touch on input in program row enables input to be put into an overlay channel
 - Shortcut: `Ctrl+Shift+P` (Win+Linux) / `Cmd+Alt+P` (Mac) to swap Preview and Program row order
 - Transitions row: Cut and Quick Play + 4 defined transitions in vMix
 - Transition progress (seen between Program and Preview row)
 - vMix host connection
   * Status dot
   * Easy change of host
   * Auto-complete (Saves list of previous connected hosts)

## Project setup
### Install dependencies
```
yarn install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
yarn electron:serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
yarn electron:build
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
yarn lint
```

### Customize configuration
See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).

Commit message:

Updated readme with known issue

README.md, after:

# simple-vmix-switcher-electron

[![Simple vMix Switcher Electron](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/jensstigaard/simple-vmix-switcher-electron/total.svg)]()

Simple vMix switcher app built with [ElectronJS](https://electronjs.org). ElectronJS is a cross-platform framework allowing the app to be built for each Windows, Mac or Linux. 

The app is oriented for touch use.

You are free to clone the repository to develop your own app based in this code.

![Simple vMix Switcher Electron](./readme_assets/overview_030.png "Application overview")

## Downloads

See the [Releases](../../releases) tab for a direct download of the app for Mac and Windows.

## Feature summary
 - Traditional preview and program row including 'tally' - 8 inputs
 - Shows badges (tally) on input in overlay channel preview/program
 - Long touch on input in program row enables input to be put into an overlay channel
 - Shortcut: `Ctrl+Shift+P` (Win+Linux) / `Cmd+Alt+P` (Mac) to swap Preview and Program row order
 - Transitions row: Cut and Quick Play + 4 defined transitions in vMix
 - Transition progress (seen between Program and Preview row)
 - vMix host connection
   * Status dot
   * Easy change of host
   * Auto-complete (Saves list of previous connected hosts)


## Known issues
When running in development mode you can experience loss of connection to the vMix instance after some minutes.

## Project setup
### Install dependencies
```
yarn install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
yarn electron:serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
yarn electron:build
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
yarn lint
```

### Customize configuration
See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).
